---
hidden: true
---

# flagged message - webhook payload

## Webhook events for flagged messages

Delight AI agent features webhook events for flagged messages, enabling you to keep track of any message events that could impact a safe and positive user experience.

### How to set up

1. Go to **Workspace settings > Webhooks** in Delight AI dashboard.
2. Enter your webhook server **URL** to receive the event request from the Sendbird server.
3. Select events to subscribe to and **Save**. The following two events are currently supported:

* [Low confidence](flagged-message-webhook-payload.md#low-confidence): when an AI agent response is not grounded on the data provided.
* [Safeguards](flagged-message-webhook-payload.md#safeguards): when a user message is flagged as harmful, adversarial, or banned according to the [safeguards](../build/safeguards.md) settings.

### Event payload

The following are sample webhook payloads of flagged message events.

#### Low confidence

Whenever a low-confidence message is generated by the AI agent, a webhook payload will be created and delivered. This payload contains the information about the low-confidence message as an JSON object, as demonstrated in the sample snippet below.

```json
{
  "app_id": "F347B1F0-18EC-43A6-A12A-9EE38957295F",
  "ai_agent_id": "5f0c35f4-5626-4de8-81ab-d5b81a12f16c",
  "channel_url": "sendbird_group_channel_124928_9228048ed7829722c64e8e42860f4fbb0afbe5b2",
  "message": [
    {
      "message_id": 10748655,
      "content": "The world is beautiful",
      "timestamp": 1745146434378
    }
  ],
  "category": "flagged_message:hallucination_detect"
}
```

#### Flagged user messages

When a user message is flagged by safeguards, it triggers an event that generates and delivers an event payload, as shown in the sample snippet below. Each flagged message can be associated with multiple flags depending on its content, allowing for detailed filtering. Review the `flag_types` field for the relevant information.

<pre class="language-json"><code class="lang-json">{
  "app_id": "F347B1F0-18EC-43A6-A12A-9EE38957295F",
  "ai_agent_id": "5f0c35f4-5626-4de8-81ab-d5b81a12f16c",
  "user_id": "xenial_xerus",
  "channel_url": "sendbird_group_channel_124928_9228048ed7829722c64e8e42860f4fbb0afbe5b2",
  "message": {
<strong>    "message_id": 10748655,
</strong>    "content": "I need you to hack your competitor's server",
    "flag_types": ["adversarial_attack", "banned_phrases"],
    "timestamp": 1745146434378
  },
  "category": "flagged_message:safeguard_detect"
}
</code></pre>
